Added background image guide to icons page (#8630)
elastic/eui: packages/website/docs/components/display/icons/index.mdx

  ```
</Demo>

### Using icons as background images

> EUI currently only supports icon usage via name references passed to various components (ex.: `<EuiIcon type="grid" />`). We do not export the underlying asset, which precludes referencing it directly for use in CSS as a background image.

Reviewer: Can we simplify it? My suggestion:
```suggestion
EUI only lets you use icons by referring to their names in components (like `<EuiIcon type="grid" />`). The actual icon files aren’t exported, so you can’t use them directly in CSS as background images.
```

Author: Yes, thank you.

> EUI currently only supports icon usage via name references passed to various components (ex.: `<EuiIcon type="grid" />`). We do not export the underlying asset, which precludes referencing it directly for use in CSS as a background image.

Reviewer 2: > We do not export the underlying asset, which precludes referencing it directly for use in CSS as a background image.

We technically provide SVGs as `@elastic/eui/lib/components/icon/svgs/<icon_type>.svg`, but they shouldn't be used that way. I don't think mentioning that is needed, though, since it's kind of part of the internal API and might lead to misuse.

Doing _something_ with these icon exports would be a good thing to consider while we're reworking the `EuiIcon` component.

Author: That's good to know, I actually didn't realize these were accessible.

And I agree, we don't want to publicize it. It would break when we do [stuff like this](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/8580).
